Position overviewThis position will monitor and execute day-to-day operations to support the strategy of the Data Operations function across franchises/business units. Will lead small projects. Will develop solutions to a variety of problems of moderate to fairly intricate scope and complexity, while referring to established policies and procedures.Tasks & Responsibilities:• Monitor and execute the data operations and data quality process. May include coordination of testing, error handling, data conversion and/or validation, and audit/compliance actions (Non-Conformance (NC) and/or Corrective Action Preventive Action (CAPA)). Provide tactical direction to third party team(s) and function as first level escalation.• Continuous improvement of existing data design, process and templates by tactically focusing on business outcomes. Implement and monitor tools and processes that maximize data operations execution. Engage with stakeholders on tactical matters.• Function as Subject Matter Expert/Data Governance Lead for workstream or functional area. Provide appropriate guidance on data operations. May include completion of complex change assessments and/or project scoping requirements, point of escalation for both internal and external team members, single point of contact for strategic launches and audit/compliance activities, participate in and sometimes lead operational meetings with data owners.• Prepare metrics, dashboards, and tracking to facilitate the efficient operations of the Data Operations department. May execute budget and/or value capture protocol within established framework Participate in, and sometimes lead, operational and governance meetings which may include end-to-end, value capture, and third party reviews.• Contribute to the creation and maintenance of documentation for area of responsibility. May include Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), Work Instructions (WIs), protocols, data quality catalogs, and other policy and procedure documents. Develop and deliver training to educate stakeholders on documented procedures, data flows, etc.• Support the deployment of the Data Management Framework (Governance Maturity Roadmap).Qualifications & Experience• Supply chain experience, preferably in master data, operations, or cross-functional business environment.• A minimum of 3 years of data management experience in the context of large ERP platforms. • Business and technical knowledge and understanding of all Supply Chain data elements, process, and organizational support models.• A relevant mix of global, regional, cross-sector/industry experience.• MS Office Suite (Excel, Outlook, Word), Strong written, oral, and presentation skills.• Excellent organizational and prioritization skills.• Ability to build strong collaborative relationships, influence multiple stakeholders, and establish common goals and objectives without sacrificing outcomes.• Ability to contribute on a diverse, multicultural and partially remote team.